We went through a lot of stuff in this module.
We talked about the duties of controllers and the
various annotations associated with them,
specifically the @Controller annotation,
the @GetMapping, @ModelAttribute, and the @PostMapping so that we
could do the full lifecycle of our controller.
One thing we haven't covered yet, though,
is what's really going on with how we find those JSP
pages inside of our application.
We went ahead and made some modifications to our application.properties,
but it really didn't help you in understanding how we resolve those views.
We're going to dive into that in the next module and hopefully
clear up some of that mystery that goes on with how we find those pages inside of our application.